I really enjoy these scissors for my inspiration books that I am making (like collage, but in books) and using these different textures these give is just wonderful, makes a great statement with the pictures and sayings. Want more, perfect for any need you have even for gifts as well. Pretty cool!
Looked all over in art supply and other stores for "crazy cutting" scissors for my 4-year old grandson. These are exactly what I was looking for - fun, very well made, metal rather than plastic blades (so they actually do a good job of cutting paper), safe ("blunt") ends, etc. (These really are for age 4 and up, not younger.) Very high quality. Very pleased with the product.
These are the BEST scissors I have ever owned. I am left-handed and take note that either a left or right-handed person can use these equally well.If you have arthritis, as I do, these scissors are amazing as well. Well worth the price. I now own three pairs of these and have convinced many other people in my quilting group that they NEED a pair as well!They cut through muli layers and difficult to cut items really well.Do buy them, you won't regret it!
This Fiskars Scissors are the best i've bougth in time. It are excellent for delicated fabrics and silck ribbon embroidery, also work perfectly with paper.
I finally gave in and bought these after years of wanting them. I'm so glad I did!I'm a book artist and crafter, and I usually do my creative work in marathon stretches. (You know, nothing for three weeks and then an all-day session...) These scissors make it so much easier. They cut easily and cleanly, with no hand fatigue. They also saved me when I did all my Christmas gift wrapping.I should have just bought these in the first place!
This is my second pair of Fiskar multi-purpose scissors. I got the first pair 6 years ago and used them constantly in my art studio for all kinds of cutting. They worked perfectly until I accidentally stepped on them. These scissors are extremely comfortable, stay sharper than the traditional kind, and work beautifully.
THE FISKARS SOFTOUCH SCISSORS THAT WERE SHOWN ON THE WEBSITE WERE NOT THE ITEMS THAT WERE SHIPPED. I WAS SHIPPED THE 'NEWER' VERSION OF THE SAME ITEM. I WANTED THE VERSION THAT WAS SHOWN AND EXPECTED IT. I DO NOT LIKE THE HANDLES OF THE 'NEWER' VERSION AND WANTED THE OLDER ONES, AS I WAS LOOKING AT ON THE SITE. UPDATING YOUR SITES WOULD SAVE EVERYONE MORE TIME AND EFFORT!
Like the previous reviewer, I was very happy to be able to order safety pins on-line. I live in a small town, and they are impossible to find. These safety pins are very large- about 2.25" long. Also, they are not very sharp. I used them to pin 2-3 garments together for a children's clothing resale, and had a VERY difficult time getting the point to go through in both directions. This was true on all types of fabric from denim to cotton to jersey. The dull point of one of these safety pins tore a hole in one polo-style, jersey shirt!
****These are your basic large safety pins and come in a package of 65. I always found myself buying assortments of safety pins and using up all of the large ones first, so these solve a problem for me. These safety pins are all the same size, called a "Size 3" as far as safety pin sizes go, but actually are two inches or 5.1 centimeters long. They are nickel-plated, not fancy, but do the job just fine. Save yourself a lot of time hunting these down in stores by buying them here on Amazon! They seem sharp enough for the uses I have for them; however, I don't think they would be good for any extra fine work, as they are just general-usage quality.Recommended.****
These Dritz(R) Extra Large Safety Pins are great. They are great for fixing hems and any other clothes emergencies. I highly recommend them.
We are organizing our costume stock and large quantity safety pins are in big demand. Wish this came in a larger quantity, but they do serve the purpose.
As another reviewer noted these do not pierce cloth well at all so were basically useless for me. I threw them in the trash
The safety pins were adequate, but they weren't as sturdy as I would have liked. The size was just right.
How do you review pins? They arrived as shown. They pinned my bedskirt to the box springs. I have no complaints/
It all depends on your purpose for these safety pins. I needed them for holding Velcro in place as the Velcro was pulling apart too easily. These safety pins bent as I tried to stab them into the material. The point is sharp, but the surface is rough. This rough point causes the material to cling to the safety pin rather than allow the pin to pass through easily.I would recommend the Dritz Quilter's Safety Pins. They are Nickel plated which makes them smooth and rust resistant.
It was a pleasure to finally be able to purchase some safety pins. You cannot find safety pins in stores any more and I do not go to the fabric stores that often. The safety pins arrived as promised and I have been using them. It is like finally finding the jewel you have been looking for for so long. Thank you again for offering this to your customers.
received this in 2 days, great service. exactly what i'd ordered. very happy with quick service! need four more words to send this...
This mat is awsome. Perfect size, easy to store away and wonderful to use! The grid on it really helps me. I don't have an artistic or accurate eye, so often times my straight lines are actually cady-wonker. The grid is amazingly useful and has had every angle I needed!This mat has sped up many projects in conjunction with the rotary blades from Olfa. It used to take days of cutting (I have arthritis) and now I get it all done in an afternoon.
It's one of those pieces that when you're standing in Joanns and you see the ones that are on sale versus the ones that are full price.. you still pick it up being it's not discounted (: Super cute!
I bought this to make kandi name bracelets. The beads are the perfect size and the colors are super cute! I wish there were more of the heart ones though...
I purchased these for my child's bead kit. The kits never seem to contain enough beads, let alone enough letter beads. These were a great supplement to his kit.
The product arrived when promised and contained a good mixture of beads. We plan on using to make bracelets for the grand children
these are perfect for painting, and the price is very good. i would recommend this product, but please leave some more for me.Ed
I received only 1 canvas, even though it says it's a pack of 6. The 1 canvas I did get was great and I already painted on it. I had to chat w/ customer service and they advised they would resend me the order 1 day shipping, but then I looked at the delivery estimate and I won't get it until 9/18/12- 10/5/12, which is pointless. I just read all the other reviews and this seems to be a common occurrence.
Good quality, pre-stretched, pre-primed, ready to use. It's also lighter than I expected. Great value for money.I would recommend this to anyone
The quality isn't great but the canvases came in 6 which are a great value. You have to coat it a few times but I would totally buy from them again.
The item came in record time and in perfect condition. This was the second time that I have ordered this item and I will reorder it again in the future possibly in a different size.
It doesn't show anywhere (that I could see) that this is only one canvas. Very misleading description. I wish I had read all the reviews before ordering!
My wife & I had so many pictures of the grandchildren on the refrigerator - We decided (my wife loves to quilt) to make picture frames to hold all the pics - What a great idea (ribbons on the front hold the pics in place)! Glad we did this, the frig looks a whole lot better now & we can view our grandchildren everyday as we walk down the hall (frames are on both sides).
I love painting on these canvases! (I paint with acrylics.) They are excellent quality, have a nice finish to them, and are affordable. I will definitely be buying more.
These canvases are fantastic! A friend of mine loves to paint so I got her some paints and these canvases. She loves giving away paintings as gifts and these are the perfect size. Plus she's one of those people who often likes to paint the edges so the wrapped around canvas that attaches in the back is perfect.
I realize that this "should" be a review about the quality of the product, BUT for almost 2 YEARS people have been commenting that they received one canvas instead of a pack of six. Sorry, but that is simply unacceptable. I'm very disappointed in Amazon for letting it go on this long. I'm sorry that the manufacturer won't have people purchasing their item, but there is no excuse for a problem to continue for nearly 2 years and not be resolved.
Like one of the other reviewers, I ordered this as a pack of six. However, it arrived and it was a single canvas in a giant box. What happened to the other five? When I contacted Amazon, it says that they're out of stock for these. Why is this happening to more than one person? Just be sure to check your box. The canvas was nice and actually what I wanted but I didn't want to pay for six and get one...
Hmmm. I felt the price was good the product is good. You get what you pay for and you get good canvas.
Canvases exactly as expected, and price was good. Tracked shipment and thoughtit was quite unusual, having 5 entries, in and out, for the same location.
Good quality cotton nice and white. They come back stapled and with nice thick wooden frame. Comes at a good price for the quality.
Exactly what I wanted, 6 pack came in fine... Note the depth - the picture is a bit misleading, they are only 1&#34; deep.
I was having a painting party for my daughter's 12th birthday party and wanted the kids to have something nice to take home with them, but the cost of canvases can really add up!! I found these canvases for a great price and they were perfect for the purpose for which they were used. I'm not an artist myself, so I don't know much about the quality of canvases, but these definitely met our needs and the girls had a ball!
cant wait to put some pictures on them saw on pinterest to mod podge a pic on it to make it look like its canvas and good price!!
The canvas is nice and heavy and the support is strong. Though I find it a bit heavy for the size of the canvas. It wasn't quite fully stretched and required a bit of work to keep it from bulging throughout the painting process. Required some priming (just basic gesso) before painting. I tried do paint without it at first and the canvas just soaked up my acrylics. Even texture throughout the canvas made it easier once the gesso had been put on. Overall, a pretty basic stretched canvas. Great for the price on all 6 at once though.
The quality of the canvass is good. Problem is, I received a box with only one canvass, not six (this was supposed to be a 6 pack). Amazon is sending a return label. In the meantime, I have reordered and will hopefully receive 6 canvasses.
Great canvases. My wife paints signs and exclusively uses these. The canvas is wrapped all the way around and staples on the back. Many other brands of canvases staple on the top, bottom, and sides, but not this product! Very good quality.
The package contained just one stretched canvas and not 6 as the description claims. I had to return this order as Amazon cannot replace it for some reasons.
I caution you from wasting your time and money. I only received one (1) canvas, not six (6) like the product says in the title. No seller feedback!
These canvases are great, I ordered the six pack a month ago and they arrived on time. So, i ordered again, but this time only one canvas came in a huge box. Amazon is refunding my money for the 5 i didn't receive.
The package contained just one stretched canvas and not 6 as the description claims. I had to return this order as Amazon cannot replace it for some reasons which made a lousy non-Christmas present and I have no refund 6 weeks to-date..
This product claims to be six canvases but in fact they only send one. IT IS A RIPOFF!! DON'T BUY.
I got these for a friend who paints. They're great quality and she was thrilled. I received 6 canvases as ordered. It sounds like not all the merchants on this listing are shipping the correct quantity.
This product came to me quickly and I am very satisfied with how it is packaged. The canvas itself is great quality and the wrapping it comes inside of keeps it clean until I decide to use each individual one.
You can get a better quality product for what you are paying, don't get me wrong, it does what it says, but is not the best quality.
This tool does what it is suppose to do and you cant beat the price. The only difference in the factery one and this one is the factery one was crome plated on the inside also. The part that the cone covers. This one is not. That may mean it will wear out quicker. But you still cant beat the price.
Excellent stretcher bars! Go together easily and work perfectly. I use these with Photographic canvas and these have performed well for me!
I bought these to make my own stretched canvases and to stretch some paintings I'd already done. When I got these, the first thing I noticed is they ranged greatly in color, dark wood to light wood. Although it's not really that important as only a very little bit of the frame shows through the back, and none at all once hanged. The only other thing I'd have liked is if they were cut a little more cleanly. The ends aren't as smooth as the picture and if you're not careful, they could easily give you a splinter.Other than that these are very nice. Once put together they seem sturdy and they're light enough to make hanging them not a problem. They make a great deal too.
I used Golden's Hard Molding Paste on a raised stencil design and it worked perfectly, very smooth finish. There are other mediums to use with raised stencils, but often need to be polished later, a dusty job.The height of the design will depend on what the user wants - either slightly raised, or a higher finish. It is put on like cake frosting, very easy to do, using no muscle. I love it.
I actually bought this item from "Amazon Warehouse" used but "Like New" condition. When they say "Like New" it's pretty darn close. The compressor came in it's original box with all accessories in their original plastic package and the cords spooled up as if it came from the factory. I haven't yet seen a blemish on the unit itself. It really is in like new condition (and was $60 cheaper than a new unit from Amazon).This compressor is great. I was originally considering the Smart Jet (non-Pro) however what pushed me over is that if you lower the air pressure on the Smart Jet it achieves a lower pressure by a bleed valve which just lets the air run out. The result is that the auto-shutoff feature of the Smart Jet is then rendered useless and the compressor just runs constantly. This compressor however has a true regulator and you can decrease the pressure without loosing the auto-shutoff functionality. It also has a "protective case" around it.----------------------------Update October 2012A year and a half later and the compressor is still doing great. I also have a larger shop compressor used for pneumatic tools, and compare to that this unit is way quieter. The tank fills up in about 30 seconds then it shuts off and is quiet. It's nice to be able to paint things at night, 10PM or 11PM, without worrying about how it will affect others in the house or the neighbor. If I had to buy another air brush compressor for some reason... well, I think I might just buy a 2nd one of these.
Relatively quiet compressor that has a variable PSI, a real one, not an airbleed.The only thing that would make this better would be an air storage tank but that's a different model for a few bucks more.
I purchased these brayers in good faith. They are lousy. The rubber rollers are not round and leave gaps in the relief block.I cannot recommend these to anyone at any level of printmaking skills.
Granted this probably isn't the rule, but I received a non-functioning unit. I received no replacement, but did receive a full refund.
My art school using these and I bought one from one. It keeps work in progress well organized and holds it tight enough that pastels don't smear.
this product is ok however, unlike the discription claims it is not easy to cut, even with new sharp tools, the seets that I recieved tend to be very hard almost like Lenoleum tile for your floor, but even harder serface then even those. Either the product some where got exposed to extreame heat or its old.
I must say that the description of the product is very confusing. If this oil is not recommended for fine art use, then what in God's name is it FOR?!
For people new to screen printing, be sure to get the opaque ink for dark fabrics. While attempting to make a shirt I learned the hard way that you have to use opaque ink on a black t-shirt. Once I did this, my shirts were awesome!!! This brand and color was great and I definitely recommend.
The beads were shipped VERY quickly and were as described. The beads are of varied size, and the colors were perfect for my project.
Bought them as a gift to my bed-rest bound sister, and they were really pretty.
an exquisite ink.. this is what inky black is supposed to be like. flows easily, works with the Calligraphic Art pens, I use it for both writing and sketching and it works well for both. fairly waterproof. all in all a great ink. love the color - a "true" black.
I bought this to replace my Omas black ink that was running out to use in my Lamy 2000 fountain pen. The ink flows fine and gives even coverage on the two kind of paper I commonly use, I would definitely recommend it. The ink lost one star because it is a dark, dark grey rather than a true black as was the Omas but only suffers when held right next to one another. I don't know if this is due to the paper I am using. Also it seems this ink drys a little slower and thus smudges somewhat easier, this is NOT an objective measurement however but a feeling and obviously will depend on the paper used.
I'm using this in a Lamy Safari. It starts right up on any kind of paper I've tried it on, including receipt paper at work. Flows smoothly from the pen without skipping. It's dull black, but perfect for professional situations or signatures with difficult paper. I'll buy again.
I love this ink! It is very reliable. I use it for everything from taking notes and writing, to sketching, and even use watercolors over it!!
First time to buy fountain pen ink. Use it with a Lamy safari and the Z24 converter. Everything works great. Product arrived on time and in good shape.
I am a huge fan of Noodler's Ink. The company believes in providing a quality product at a reasonable price. I haven't used a Noodler's ink that I wasn't pleased with. The standard bulletproof black is one of my favorites. It is a very well behaved ink with almost no feathering or bleed through even on the crummiest of paper. It is a little bit on the drier side, but no so much that it is a problem even in drier pens. I use it everyday.
Noodler's Black Bulletproof is my go-to ink for serious work. It's waterproof, fraud-proof, and will write well on any kind of paper. This is the only fountain pen ink I know that can be used for crossword puzzles on newspaper pulp without feathering or bleeding through. Once the ink dries on the page, it's not removable. I once ran a note through the laundry in the pocket of my jeans, and the writing was still perfectly legible when I discovered the washed piece of paper in the pocket later.This is well-behaved ink, with only one minor drawback: it exhibits nib creep in most pens. If you don't care about seeing a bit of ink riding the top of the nib as you write, this is not an issue, and the great properties of Noodler's Black more than make up for it.If you write with a fountain pen, and you want an ink that's smooth, waterproof, and rock-solid permanent once it dries, there's really only one pick...Noodler's Black Bulletproof.
With Noodler's Black Waterproof Fountain Pen Ink - Bulletproof, you no longer need a ballpoint pen. You can do with a fountain pen, what you had to previously do with a ballpoint or similar type pen. This ink, once it dries, is as waterproof and smudge proof as any other kind of pen ink. You can feel safe from signing legal documents to writing post cards. You can do it all with this ink.
at first i was slightly disappointed as i thought it wasn't waterproof like it claims, but i later realized i must have had some old ink still in my pen barrel combining with the noodlers. completely satisfied with this product, just make sure you don't mix it with any other ink... it loses it's "bulletproofness" if you do.
This ink works as it's supposed to. I use it in a Lamy Safari Grey, and it has become my "main" pen. I use it for filling out repair orders at work, practicing handwriting, and filling out important documents and writing checks. This combination brings the tactile feel of writing back to mundane documents. I am not good at it but it has also brought a certain "organic" feel to my doodles and small cartoons, that otherwise would be lacking. Quality products are in short supply, be sure to support vendors/manufactures who continue to bring them to the public!!
I love this ink!I love using fountain pens, but I always have to carry a regular pen with me, because the ink isn't waterproof (no good for checks and important notes). Well now it is!This ink works great! It dries quickly, leaves a nice dark line, and is completely waterproof!I'm so thrilled about discovering this ink that I ordered it in a bunch of colors and even ordered some extra pens, because now I will be able to use my fountain pens for everything!The only drawback that I see about this ink is that it smells a bit (to my nose), but I don't inhale it I just write with it, so its benefits well out way this minor issue.WARNING!!! Noodlers gives you your money's worth--they fill the bottle to the very tippy-top! The first time you open the bottle, make sure it is on a level surface and open slowly and carefully. I recommend putting it on some newspaper or a paper towel to open.
This brand is the best ink I've ever found. I collect pens so I have used many brands. This one is the top. And it is made in the USA!!! I've used 3 other colored ink in this series and they were all great.
This ink was recommended to me by another fountain pen user. I tried it and liked it and ordered a bottle for myself. It is all that it is advertised to be. Their website is excellent and so is their service.
Flows well, washes off anything but paper instantly, and once dry on paper will never ever come off. Washed a page under water (I like to test things) and it looked like water never even touched it. Works well in the Moleskine journals and doesn't bleed through at all.
I purchased this ink before along with my first fountain pen. I like to sketch, and I find fountain pens complimentary to my art. This ink was VERY dark and got the job done.I live in earthquake-prone California, and a recent quake knocked books off of my shelf. My Noodler's ink was on the shelf as well and consequentially fell too, shattering the glass bottle. Luckily, the tile was wiped clean and the ink left no stain :)I decided that I would need replacement ink ASAP since I was working on a project. I headed over to an office supply store and bought a generic bottle of Parker Quink Ink in black. But as I started to sketch, I noticed that this ink was more of a gray in comparison to the almost abyssal Noodler's ink.Having said this, I am back to purchase another bottle of this Noodler's Bulletproof Black. It is simply the best.WARNING: This ink will spoil you for all other inks!
Doesn't feather, with a sharp, crisp, dense line. Slow dries on quality paper where it tends to sit on top rather than be quickly absorbed (cheaper paper). But where it fails as a drawing ink is that it lightly lifts when a wash of water is applied. Even lightly will kill a watercolor or colored ink wash. As long as you don't care about it being absolutely waterproof, this is a great ink, but if you require absolute waterPROOF (as opposed to water "resistant"), then this is NOT the ink you want.
This is great black ink. I purchased it to use in my Lamy Safari Fountain Pen for check writing purposes. I accidentally spilled some on my carpet and it is definitely waterproof. I've got the stain that says so.
Good ink. Just make sure you shake it. I've been researching the blue bullet proof ink as well. Main reason why I buy this particular ink (among the many Noodler's inks) is that this one is bulletproof. I learned that it is non-messy to use a syringe to refill the pen.
This is very good ink for fountain pen, and it has 3 oz compare to parker bottled ink only 2 oz and for almost the same price, and best of all, it is made in U.S.A!!!
It is nice to have a fountain pen ink that is water proof. However, in this particular case it is at the cost of having an ink that takes forever to dry. This it almost impossible to use for left handed people, and one must accept the fact that when writing on multiple pages, there will be ink smears on the pages that touch each other. It's definitely good to have when signing documents or checks, but one can use a simple permanent pen from any office store for that limited use. Buyer beware!
I bought this ink the same time I bought a new fountain pen, So I immediately filled up the converter and went to work with it. It's the best ink for fountain pens that I've used in a long time. It dries almost instantly after writing. i did a test after reading one of the reviews and scribbled some things on a sheet of notebook paper, then ran the faucet with the page under water. The ink stays on the page. It doesn't wash off! It's great! I'm going to use this for check writing as well as school, now that I'm starting college in the fall, among other things as well.
This ink is great. It flow out all my fountain pens really smooth, and it the blackest of the black inks I've used. Simply put, it looks beautiful in contrast to paper.
I like this product very much. The ink flows smoothly and it cleans up very easily, too. All that I read about it was true. The vendor was also very prompt and nice.
I own a Lamy Safari EF pen. I purchased the Noodler's ink due to all the positive reviews. To say that I am vastly disappointed... would be an _understatement_.I purchased the bottle 6-months ago. After first filling my cartridge, I was immediately displeased as the ink was a dark gray color, NOT BLACK. So, I searched the reviews on here and saw complaints about the same issue. However, people suggested that shaking the bottle repeatedly would mix the pigment and thus make it black again. Well, I shook it forcefully for about 20 seconds and refilled the cartridge. No difference whatsoever. So, I emptied the tube and shook it again, this time for 60-seconds. Again, absolutely no difference.So, now 6-months later I found myself needing to refill the pen's cartridge again. Mind you, I stored the ink in a dark drawer, which has not seen the light-of-day since I placed it in there 6-months ago. Low-and-behold absolutely no change / darkening in color. It's still a watery gray color.I would never buy anything Noodlers produces ever again. This was an absolute waste of money for me.Bottom line: if you're a gambling man, or woman, then spin the wheel and hope you get lucky. But, judging by the other reviewers who experienced the same gray color, Noodlers total lack of quality control will be keeping me far, far away from anything they sell.
I purchased, Noodler's Bottle 3 ounce Refill - Bulletproof Black 19001, also including,Lamy Refill Converter (LZ24), andLamy Safari Fountain Pen - Charcoal - Fine, as a Christmas gift set for my daughter.
this was my first ink purchase, for my first fountain pen.shopped around and realized this bottle had the best value for the buck.i'm pleased with the ink's performance, but don't really have enough experience to tell you that it's great. you can read other people's review for that one.
THIS IS A GENEROUS PORTION OF RICH, DARK INK. A WONDERFUL COMPLIMENT TO A FOUNTAIN PEN.
Usage professionnel pour encrage r&eacute;sistant &agrave; l'eau.Petit probl&egrave;me pour gommer sans traces un trait de crayon sous jacentquand l'encre a &eacute;t&eacute; utilis&eacute;e avec certains outils comme stylo art pen, par exemple.Bonne r&eacute;sistance avec une plume "classique".
I purchased this ink thinking it would be perfect for sketching before watercolorwashes. It seems to lay on top of the paper and runs after drying it for a day. It's a bit glorpy in consistency. I'm not seeing all the great things people havesaid about this ink.
First of all, the review is ONLY for the size of the bottle, not the quality of the ink.In the item description, it listed the "shipping weight" of 10.1OZ. This is very misleading! The actual ink inside the bottle is only 3OZ!!You can get it cheaper from ebay.com in that case...
There's honestly not that much to say. After all, its plain ol' black ink. Dries reasonably fast (10-20 seconds). And a word of advice before you open the jar up: the container is filled all the way to the very top. So open it slowly, gently, and on a flat surface. Oh and it doesn't really show through paper. As in, you write "Noodler's Ink" on one side of a paper, then flip the paper over and you can see the pressure point from when you applied pressure to get the ink onto the paper.Fantastic ink, a bit on the pricey side. But its a good value.
This is really a great product. It is permanent, waterproof and just an exellent ink.
-I've tried this on various types of paper, and no matter how long I let the ink dry, it still smudges very easily with a damp finger!-This bleeds through paper much more than the Montblanc inks-Doesn't dry fast enough. I often have to wait a minute for the whole page to dry before I turn the pageThe ink looks very solid and dark and I do like it; I'm giving it a 3 out of 5 mostly because of misleading "waterproof" label, and also because it bleeds easily and doesn't dry fast.
After buying a Lamy Safari on a whim, upon reading all of the rave reviews about Noodlers Ink I decided I would give it a shot. Unfortunately, I cannot share the enthusiasm other people have about this ink.Since I am new to fountain pens, I don't have a lot to compare it to other than the default cartridge the Safari comes with. Whereas the default cartridge wrote smoothly and, aside for a few issues here and there, consistently, the Noodlers Ink comes out unevenly and only when it feels like coming out. I find myself having to rewrite letters/words every sentence or so, which makes writing an incredible nuisance. The Lamy cartridge put down a dark color, while this Noodlers comes out a dull grey for me, despite hearing claims of it being extremely black.And finally, being a lefty, quickly-drying ink is of utmost importance. I would have to try pretty hard to get the Lamy cartridge's ink to smudge, but the Noodlers takes an immensely long time to dry, forcing me to do all-too-familiar hand acrobatics games as I write. It is no exaggeration to say that this ink was still wet after five minutes. Maybe it's a good thing that the ink doesn't come out consistently after all!Basically, my point is this: I couldn't really be more displeased with this ink than I am. If I hadn't used the Lamy cartridge before having tried this ink, I probably would have felt as though buying the pen was a gigantic waste of money. I'm not turned off from fountain pens yet, but I am turned off of this ink. Perhaps it works well for those of you with larger nibs, but it is next to useless in my EF. I'm not sure what to do with the rest of this bottle, or what ink I should try next. Sigh.
I bought two bottles of this product for ink and watercolor sketching based on the description on this page,and paid to have them delivered overnight for an impending trip. They arrived, and the ink is DEFINITELY not waterproof--certainly not suitable for taking a watercolor wash over the lines. Disappointing, to say the least. I'm told Noodler's Lexington Gray is a good waterproof choice for sketching, but haven't tried it yet.
I purchased this after reading the great reviews and information at the manufacturer's website. This ink is waterproof. But it is also very thin, permeates nibs and runs all over the metal part of the nib. If you use a paper that is not very absorbent it may work, or on checks. But on normal paper, it flares and distorts writing. The color when dried is not totally black but a dark gray.